What are you going to do?
Hey!
I'm looking forward to the football match tomorrow.
My friends and I are going to watch our favourite team.
We're going to meet other fans and make some new friends.
We're all going to wear the team shirt and we're going to cheer the players.
I hope they win the match.
Martin
B
I'm going to enjoy myself during the May Day holiday.
On the morning of the 1st of May, I'm going to get up late and then read a book.
In the afternoon, I'm going out with my family and friends.
We're going to take a walk in the country or go swimming.
And on the 2nd of May, we're going to collect litter in the park near my friend's house.
It's going to be a great holiday, busy but good fun.
Zhang Shujia
See, usually I spend the summer holiday at home,
but this year is going to be very different because I'm going on a summer camp
in Sydney, Australia.
I'm going to stay with an Australian family and speak English.
We're also going sightseeing and going to have a picnic on the beach.
Lucy